You did such a great job
I should reward you
Right?
Don’t be nervous
I think a good employee like you
Really deserves a reward
What reward?
I have a client
Who’s very tough
He owns a Tibetan mastiff
Recently looking for a woman
To mate with it
I think you’re perfect
I… I’m not going
Take her away, Lǐ Mù
[MO] Young Master Qín
Young Master Qín, please spare me
In the future
Anyone who dares disrespect Ruò Yǔ
Will end up like her
Yes, Young Master Qín
President Qín
I’m so sorry
For misunderstanding you earlier
I’m really looking forward to
Qín Shì’s fashion show
Happy cooperation
We absolutely won’t
Let Dì Háo Group down
Happy cooperation